“What would an ocean be without a monster lurking in the dark?”  - Werner Herzog
“If the ocean can calm itself, so can you. We are both salt water mixed with air.” - Nayyirah Waheed
“Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean.” - Thich Nhat Hanh
“We are like islands in the sea,<br> separate on the surface but connected on the deep.” - William James
“You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.” - Jon Kabat-Zinn 
“The sea does not like to be restrained.” - Rick Riordan
“You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.” - Rabindranath Tagore
“In one drop of water are found all the secrets of all the oceans.” - Kahlil Gibran
“We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest.<br> We must learn to sail in high winds.” - Aristotle Onassis
“Great sea captains are made in rough waters and deep seas.” - Kathryn Kuhlman
“A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Dance with the waves, move with the sea,<br> let the rhythm of the water set your soul free.” - Christy Ann Martine
“Smell the sea and feel the sky, let your soul and spirit fly” - Van Morrison
“Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down“ - Vanessa Paradis
“Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.“ - Ryunosuke Akutagawa
“Let the waves carry you where the light can not” - Mohit Kaushik
“Sometimes in the waves of change, we find our true direction” - Unknown
“Let the sea set you free” - Unknown
“A rising tide lifts all boats” - Sean Lemass
“Even the upper end of the river believes in the ocean.” - William Stafford
“Family is a life jacket in the stormy sea of life.“ - J.K. Rowling
“Life’s roughest storms prove the strength of our anchors.“ - Unknown
“Storms draw something out of us that calm seas don’t.“ - Bill Hybels
“The oceans roar is music to the soul.” - Unknown
“Your heart is like the ocean, mysterious and dark.” - Bob Dylan
“Looking out over the ocean you can see reflections of God.” - Catherine Pulsifer